client/controllers/AddController.java
 client.controllers.AddController
client/messages/Printer.java
 client.messages.Printer
client/messages/ErrorPrinter.java
 client.messages.ErrorPrinter
client/exceptions/ClientException.java
 client.exceptions.ClientException
client/messages/DefaultErrorPrinter.java
 client.messages.DefaultErrorPrinter
client/exceptions/ClientExceptionMessenger.java
 client.exceptions.ClientExceptionMessenger
client/commands/ClientCommand.java
 client.commands.ClientCommand
client/exceptions/FieldNumberFormatException.java
 client.exceptions.FieldNumberFormatException
client/messages/ExceptionMessengerRU.java
 client.messages.ExceptionMessengerRU
client/exceptions/TerminalException.java
 client.exceptions.TerminalException
client/messages/MessengerRU.java
 client.messages.MessengerRU
client/messages/DefaultPrinter.java
 client.messages.DefaultPrinter
client/exceptions/ScriptException.java
 client.exceptions.ScriptException
client/commands/ExitCommand.java
 client.commands.ExitCommand
client/exceptions/LocalMessengerException.java
 client.exceptions.LocalMessengerException
client/messages/MessengerENG.java
 client.messages.MessengerENG
client/ticket/ClientTemplatePerson.java
 client.ticket.ClientTemplatePerson
client/commands/MessageCommand.java
 client.commands.MessageCommand
client/commands/ClientHelpCommand.java
 client.commands.ClientHelpCommand
client/exceptions/LoginException.java
 client.exceptions.LoginException
client/messages/DefaultExceptionMessenger.java
 client.messages.DefaultExceptionMessenger
client/exceptions/ConnectionException.java
 client.exceptions.ConnectionException
client/exceptions/NotEnoughAgrsException.java
 client.exceptions.NotEnoughAgrsException
client/Client.java
 client.Client
client/exceptions/ScriptFileRecursionException.java
 client.exceptions.ScriptFileRecursionException
client/exceptions/CommunicationException.java
 client.exceptions.CommunicationException
client/connection/ConnectionManager.java
 client.connection.ConnectionManager
client/commands/LoginFreeCommand.java
 client.commands.LoginFreeCommand
client/exceptions/CommandInputException.java
 client.exceptions.CommandInputException
client/connection/DefaultResponseReader.java
 client.connection.DefaultResponseReader
client/messages/ExceptionMessengerENG.java
 client.messages.ExceptionMessengerENG
client/exceptions/ScriptFileNotFoundException.java
 client.exceptions.ScriptFileNotFoundException
client/messages/ClientMessenger.java
 client.messages.ClientMessenger
client/commands/ClientServerCommand.java
 client.commands.ClientServerCommand
client/exceptions/FieldInputException.java
 client.exceptions.FieldInputException
client/messages/Messenger.java
 client.messages.Messenger
client/ticket/ClientTemplateCoordinates.java
 client.ticket.ClientTemplateCoordinates
client/controllers/WelcomeController.java
 client.controllers.WelcomeController
client/ticket/TicketBuilder.java
 client.ticket.TicketBuilder
client/connection/ResponseReader.java
 client.connection.ResponseReader
client/controllers/RegisterController.java
 client.controllers.RegisterController
client/DefaultClient.java
 client.DefaultClient
client/connection/RequestSender.java
 client.connection.RequestSender
client/reader/CommandReader.java
 client.reader.CommandReader
client/controllers/LoginController.java
 client.controllers.LoginController
client/controllers/ArgController.java
 client.controllers.ArgController
client/controllers/MainController.java
 client.controllers.MainController
client/commands/DefaultExitCommand.java
 client.commands.DefaultExitCommand
client/controllers/UpdateController.java
 client.controllers.UpdateController
client/command_manager/CommandFactory.java
 client.command_manager.CommandFactory
client/commands/LoginCommand.java
 client.commands.LoginCommand
client/connection/DefaultConnectionManager.java
 client.connection.DefaultConnectionManager
client/commands/RegisterCommand.java
 client.commands.RegisterCommand
client/controllers/TableController.java
 client.controllers.TableController
client/ClientContext.java
 client.ClientContext
client/ObjectFactory.java
 client.ObjectFactory
client/reader/FileCommandReader.java
 client.reader.FileCommandReader
client/Main.java
 client.Main
client/ticket/DefaultTicketBuilder.java
 client.ticket.DefaultTicketBuilder
client/reader/AbstractCommandReader.java
 client.reader.AbstractCommandReader
client/commands/ScriptCommand.java
 client.commands.ScriptCommand
client/commands/ExecuteScriptCommand.java
 client.commands.ExecuteScriptCommand
client/reader/DefaultControllerCommandReader.java
 client.reader.DefaultControllerCommandReader
client/connection/DefaultRequestSender.java
 client.connection.DefaultRequestSender
client/command_manager/ClientCommandFactory.java
 client.command_manager.ClientCommandFactory
client/commands/AuthCommand.java
 client.commands.AuthCommand
client/ticket/ClientTemplateTicket.java
 client.ticket.ClientTemplateTicket
