server/connection/ConnectionManager.java
 server.connection.ConnectionManager
server/datawork/TicketsDataBase.java
 server.datawork.TicketsDataBase
server/exceptions/InvalidIdException.java
 server.exceptions.InvalidIdException
server/ticket/ServerTicket.java
 server.ticket.ServerTicket
server/exceptions/ServerException.java
 server.exceptions.ServerException
server/exceptions/CommandExecutionException.java
 server.exceptions.CommandExecutionException
server/datawork/TicketWriter.java
 server.datawork.TicketWriter
server/datawork/UsersDataBase.java
 server.datawork.UsersDataBase
server/exceptions/UnknownException.java
 server.exceptions.UnknownException
server/connection/Server.java
 server.connection.Server
server/datawork/DefaultColorGenerator.java
 server.datawork.DefaultColorGenerator
server/datawork/TicketReader.java
 server.datawork.TicketReader
server/connection/RequestReader.java
 server.connection.RequestReader
server/command_manager/CommandFactory.java
 server.command_manager.CommandFactory
server/exceptions/LoginException.java
 server.exceptions.LoginException
server/datawork/ColorGenerator.java
 server.datawork.ColorGenerator
server/exceptions/NotLoggedInException.java
 server.exceptions.NotLoggedInException
server/exceptions/UserExistsException.java
 server.exceptions.UserExistsException
server/datawork/CryptoModule.java
 server.datawork.CryptoModule
server/connection/ConnectionBuilder.java
 server.connection.ConnectionBuilder
server/exceptions/UnknownTypeException.java
 server.exceptions.UnknownTypeException
server/connection/ResponseSender.java
 server.connection.ResponseSender
server/collection/CollectionManager.java
 server.collection.CollectionManager
server/exceptions/RegistrationException.java
 server.exceptions.RegistrationException
server/exceptions/UnknownCommandException.java
 server.exceptions.UnknownCommandException
server/datawork/DataBaseManager.java
 server.datawork.DataBaseManager
server/collection/AbstractQueueManager.java
 server.collection.AbstractQueueManager
server/commands/UpdateCommand.java
 server.commands.UpdateCommand
server/commands/HelpCommand.java
 server.commands.HelpCommand
server/ticket/ServerDefaultCoordinates.java
 server.ticket.ServerDefaultCoordinates
server/commands/TicketCommand.java
 server.commands.TicketCommand
server/commands/ExitCommand.java
 server.commands.ExitCommand
server/datawork/PostgresTicketsDataBase.java
 server.datawork.PostgresTicketsDataBase
server/commands/MessagingCommand.java
 server.commands.MessagingCommand
server/commands/MaxByCoordinatesCommand.java
 server.commands.MaxByCoordinatesCommand
server/commands/SaveCommand.java
 server.commands.SaveCommand
server/commands/ColorCommand.java
 server.commands.ColorCommand
server/connection/DefaultRequestReader.java
 server.connection.DefaultRequestReader
server/command_manager/CommandVisitor.java
 server.command_manager.CommandVisitor
server/commands/RemoveByIdCommand.java
 server.commands.RemoveByIdCommand
server/commands/GetUserColorCommand.java
 server.commands.GetUserColorCommand
server/commands/RemoveFirstCommand.java
 server.commands.RemoveFirstCommand
server/commands/ExitNoSaveCommand.java
 server.commands.ExitNoSaveCommand
server/ticket/ServerDefaultPerson.java
 server.ticket.ServerDefaultPerson
server/commands/UpdatingCommand.java
 server.commands.UpdatingCommand
server/ticket/ServerDefaultTicket.java
 server.ticket.ServerDefaultTicket
server/commands/RemoveGreaterCommand.java
 server.commands.RemoveGreaterCommand
server/connection/DefaultResponseSender.java
 server.connection.DefaultResponseSender
server/command_manager/ServerCommandFactory.java
 server.command_manager.ServerCommandFactory
server/Main.java
 server.Main
server/commands/Command.java
 server.commands.Command
server/commands/FilterGreaterThanDiscountCommand.java
 server.commands.FilterGreaterThanDiscountCommand
server/commands/AddIfMaxCommand.java
 server.commands.AddIfMaxCommand
server/connection/DefaultConnectionManager.java
 server.connection.DefaultConnectionManager
 server.connection.DefaultConnectionManager$1
server/datawork/PostgresUsersDataBase.java
 server.datawork.PostgresUsersDataBase
server/commands/ShowCommand.java
 server.commands.ShowCommand
server/commands/PrintFieldDescendingRefundableCommand.java
 server.commands.PrintFieldDescendingRefundableCommand
server/collection/QueueManager.java
 server.collection.QueueManager
server/commands/InfoCommand.java
 server.commands.InfoCommand
server/datawork/PostgresDataBaseManager.java
 server.datawork.PostgresDataBaseManager
server/command_manager/Visitor.java
 server.command_manager.Visitor
server/commands/ClearCommand.java
 server.commands.ClearCommand
server/ObjectFactory.java
 server.ObjectFactory
server/ServerObjectFactory.java
 server.ServerObjectFactory
server/commands/AddCommand.java
 server.commands.AddCommand
server/connection/DefaultServer.java
 server.connection.DefaultServer
server/commands/ServerCommand.java
 server.commands.ServerCommand
server/datawork/SHA384CryptoModule.java
 server.datawork.SHA384CryptoModule
server/commands/UpdateColorCommand.java
 server.commands.UpdateColorCommand
server/commands/SimpleCommand.java
 server.commands.SimpleCommand
server/connection/DefaultConnectionBuilder.java
 server.connection.DefaultConnectionBuilder
